free Palestine they descended on
Washington by the tens of thousands Pro
Palestinian protesters from across the
United States some traveling thousands
of kilometers by bus to reach the gates
of the White House to deliver a message
to the American president shame on you
go to hell that's what I would say if
you're a human you should care the
protesters demands were threefold a
ceasefire an end to the Siege on Gaza
and an end to US military funding for
Israel a cross-section of Americans came
many were Arab and many were not besides
being a Jewish American and a veteran
it's important as a human being to be
here to care for children to care for
the people in Gaza on this day in
Washington the support for Gaza
stretches as far as the eye can see but
the question is do these protesters
represent the greater American public
who according to polls at the beginning
of the war were 5 to one in favor of
Israel recent major polls found more
than 70% of Americans now back us
humanitarian Aid to Gaza and more than
60% think the US should call for a
ceasefire President Biden continues to
oppose a ceasefire and has instead
called for humanitarian pauses something
American diplomats say is under
discussion with Israel Mr president any
progress under the humanitarian
pause yes Biden wasn't in Washington on
Saturday to see the protest for himself
but demonstrators say all the same he
cannot be blind or deaf to their anger
at the
Injustice Heidi Joe Castro Al jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer